What are you going to bring?
I forgot that I haven’t asked you what you think of this guy?
But I never played with you. Guess?
What do I want to see?
Leave it alone!
Why are you so afraid of being picked up by Gu Xuan that you just think about it!
Of course I do!
Then you will also be affected by Gu family?
Right?
I believe so, Gu Xuan, or the woman in your bank account
You still take care of me, can I talk about it?
Tell me the truth, where is this Gu Xuan?
It's all right next door
How about I guess?
I will come to save you, my brother who loves to eat
Guaranteed discounts will keep you alive until the end of your life
Get out of here after something has passed